Add example for automatically updating a previously created comment (#62)
peter-evans/create-or-update-comment: README.md

```

Some use cases might find the [find-comment](https://github.com/peter-evans/find-comment) action useful.

> This will search an issue or pull request for the first comment containing a specified string, and/or by a specified author, e.g. allowing to update a previously created comment.
> See the repository for detailed usage.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will search an issue or pull request for the first comment containing a specified string, and/or by a specified author.
See the repository for detailed usage.

In the following example, find-comment is used to determine a comment has already been created on a pull request. In this case, the comment will be updated instead of being created.
```

```yml
    - name: Find Comment
      uses: peter-evans/find-comment@v1
      id: fc
      with:
        issue-number: ${{ github.event.pull_request.number }} #e.g. 1

>         # comment-author: peter-evans (does not work with "github-actions" author) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        comment-author: 'github-actions[bot]'
```

Author: Uhh, does it work this way? I will try it out today.

Reviewer: Yes, here is an example from one of my workflows.
https://github.com/peter-evans/create-pull-request/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml#L86-L108
